NOTES
1. in every ml model that we train, for that in data set we will be always 
having features and dependent variable
2. dependent variable will always be the prediction part- jo find karna ha- like company mein sales hoga ya nahi
that depends on some factor and that factor is dependent variable
3. features are also called independent variable-with which you can predict what can be the outcome of the future.
4. mostly in dataset- 1st few columns will be features and last columns will be dependent variable
5. iloc will help to locate the index of the rows and columns.
6. : this means range- left of semi column is lower bound and right will be upper bound.
7. -1 in the index of python means the last column
8. index in oython includes the lower bound but excludes the upper bound

Missing data points
1. must handle missing data
2. ignore by deleting the data if set is large
3. replace the missing value by its average of all the values of a particular column

1. Scikit-learn (Sklearn) is the most useful and robust library for machine learning in Python. It provides a selection of efficient tools for machine 
learning and statistical modeling including classification, regression, clustering and dimensionality reduction via a consistence interface in Python.
2. SimpleImputer is a scikit-learn class which is helpful in handling the missing data in the predictive model dataset.
3. It replaces the NaN values with a specified placeholder. It is implemented by the use of the SimpleImputer.
4. The nan stands for “not a number“, and its primary constant is to act as a placeholder for any missing numerical values in the array.

Encoding categorical data
1. dividing into categories and giving them diff classes
2. eg- apple will have vector [1,0,0] banana will have [0,1,0] and cashew will have [0,0,1]

1. we have to apply feature scaling always after splitting dataset into training and test set
2. if we apply means and std deviation before splitting, so it will give training to test data too which should not be the case as test data should be new.
3. 